HW3 Written Responses 
    Written #1:
        There are numerous benefits of using functions in code. None as 
        important as how functions clean up ones main function and ultimately
        code. In using functions, the program benefits from ease of readability
        and the program writer is not bombarded with numerous confusing lines
        of code. Another reason why functions are great is that you can write
        a function for one process and call that function whenever you need it.
        So, instead of adding and repeating in main, you can just write a
        function and call it whenever you need them. The last reason functions 
        are great is due to it's ability to be applicable to numerous 
        situations. A function can do the job of other things like a loop.
        So all in all functions are great because they clean up your program,
        you can call them whenever you need them, and they can do the job 
        of other things.
        
    Written #2:
        Psuedocode for Dictionary
            1. In main declare 7 string variables which are equal to the user 
            input. 
            2. Have 7 conditionals which basically call
            specific functions if the user input is equal to a string.
            3. In addition to this have an 8th else statement for 
            when the user input is not anything that's equal to the words
            in the limited Dictionary. This else statement also calls
            a function. 
            4. Also in main have a function that lowers the case
            (in case the user inputs 'Word' instead of 'word').
            5. In each function have a print out statement with the definition.
        After Coding Notes:
            I totally went off my planned pseudocode for dictionary.cpp
            I think my pseudocode was off because I realized how many 
            lines would actually be required and also my pseudocode never
            actually states where the user input comes from and instead 
            assumes that the user has already input something. I would change
            it to portray my thinking/what I actually did, but I don't
            think it would make sense as the code is already written.
            Also I think I do a bad job of explaining my functions, but I still
            did what my pseudocode stated (making numerous functions which
            are called in a conditional based on the user input), but I also
            just assumed that I would know what function I meant (void)
            because I was dealing with string variables, but to someone else
            it could be an int variable. 
            
    Written #3:
        Function #1:
            If 1 and 2 are placed into the function, the function will go to
            the else if statement and return (1, 1) to itself and then the 
            function will go to the if statement and return 1 back to main.
            If 5 and 3 are placed into the function, the function will go to
            the else statement and return (4, 3) to itself. It will then do it
            again returning (3, 3) to itself and then the function will go to 
            the if statement and return 3 or a back to main. The objective of 
            the first mystery function seems to be to run the mystery function
            until it can return the smallest value of the two numbers inputted.
        Function #2:
            With function 2 the prime objective seems to be to repeat the 
            function a+b times until a and b equal 0 through the conditional
            statements so that c can be added to either 1 or 2. So say that 
            int a is 5, b is 3, and c is 4. After the function is called,
            within the function body the code will go to the 3rd else statement
            subracting 1 from a and b and adding 2 to c 
            [a equals 4,b equals 2,c equals 6)] and these values will be 
            returned back to the beginning of the function as it is called
            again. The program will continue the same way until the values of 
            a or b are 0 and c is some number, in this case on the 3 run of the
            function a is 2, b is 0 and c is 10. At this point the function 
            executes a different conditional and the value of c is now only 
            increasing by 1. On the 6th run of the function in this case, both
            a and b equal 0 and c is equal to 12, which is returned. In this
            case 12 is the sum of all three numbers. So the purpose of the
            function mystery2 is to return the sum of the 3 numbers. 
    
    Written #4:
        This time I grinded on this homework because I had other homework to
        do during the weekend and also the exam to study for. So in total
        adding in the time I takes for me to come back and look over before 
        submitting maybe 8 hours. But this time, I felt like I was more
        time efficient with the actual programming.

             
            
            
            